Eric Eric um norm or do you want from me
Eric you're so funny I'm confessing my
love for you now will you please please
please please please take me into
consideration Oh gross
um oops well it could have been worse my
dream could have had I know who in it
which brings me to another topic
I can read a person's face right through
to her husband okay she is all right I
just wonderful Wow I really gotta stop
talking to myself
Red Alert
Eric enemy in range I'll have to wait at
least 15 minutes before leaving the
boundaries of safeness really gonna stop
talking to myself
oh hey Christian
Kate how you been today I have something
to tell you Kristen you do know that the
school is too lazy to write up a new
students list let alone having an
actually website put it on right
Kristen oh yeah
oh well if you need me I'll be hiding in
the bathroom in shame you do that
there's only a few minutes until that's
hi and Chris it's not please pay
attention we won't get anything done if
you're young we're like bed sheets in
English please just be quiet and stay
focused on the lesson I'm trying to
teach so I was continued on page 507 the
Romans starting attacking these other
guys that I know none of you have any
interest in and then they what do you
want
promising Eric lately I think he thought
was ah
Katelyn I don't think it has any
interest in you you might actually be
scaring him oh don't be ridiculous
the only thing Erik's probably scared
about is confessing his love for me um
Katelyn
- loud
ah finally the end of another sucky day
at school huh oh hi Eric pretty nice
place you got here
Caitlin oh my god how'd you get in here
I followed you inside of course how else
would I get in here by the way these
pictures I took of your house are
amazing I can't wait to put them in my
scrapbook of Eric um okay then now can
you please leave my mom's coming back in
five minutes or something and she is
going to freak if she sees you in here
please just a few more minutes
Kroon fine I'll be back though huh why
would Eric just shoo me away like that I
mean if we are deeply in love wouldn't
you want me to see his parents sometimes
I just don't know
hmm kids Caitlin might tries to come
over to my house I don't know I guess I
just felt like it I guess so no hmm it's
getting dark I better turn the light
what are you doing on my profile I just
wanted to see what you had on your
profile um okay
oh that's for me yeah um okay um bye
who was that my mom she says I have to
leave okay then chat with me when you
get home
no worries that will bye-bye